when I was much younger I thought that I
would be married
I have kids you know anytime I was 13
you need to go on a date duty dating for
practice that is the saddest thing I
think I've ever heard I think that a
really good actor I'm so glad I met you
I think you're totally refreshing what
is wrong with me there's nothing wrong
you know you just go out with the wrong
people I could fix you up you know
pretty funny that our moms said I said
you don't know the irony behind it you
have had some very nice boyfriends but
that was college Nora works in a hotel
is that right yeah do you like it no
honey you're kind of pretty Nora this is
Julian didn't convincing you to stay I'm
glad you're here one more minute and we
would have missed each other I'm not
like what trouble I'm no trouble just
don't sleep on first day oh no I don't
think it's like that
I had a nice time with you last night
I'm on there I'm leaving tomorrow
tomorrow
come with me come to see Paris we've
only known each other for a couple of
days I can't just pretend that
everything will just magically work
itself out I have to know so I can
understand your insanity I'm going
totally crazy I can tell you things
about your life huh I quit my job and
then went to a witch doctor
I hope you find happiness happiness yes
I'm sorry RJ don't be ridiculous we're
Paris we're gonna find Julian we're so
crazy from demeanors
I hope I'm her father you know mother
she was I shouldn't of me feel like I
was her granddaughter that gotten saying
only is your door wide you doing bison
just okay I'll print guys like this like
what passionate interested if the kind
of like dogs too
some people want magic I think you are
one of those people